<h1>Heart Disease Detection with
StackingCV Ensemble Learning</h1>
<p>Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a massive health problem globally because it contributes to higher rates of morbidity and mortality. Early and specific prediction of cardiac disease is necessary for successful prevention and control. Machine learning (ML) methods can be utilized to predict cardiac disease based on medical reports, allowing individuals to conveniently assess their condition from home. Based on a dataset of medical records and clinical attributes, ten ML models were evaluated namely: decision tree, K-nearest neighbors gradient boosting, random forest, ADABoost, support vector machine, logistic regression, naive Bayes, hypertuned gradient boosting, StackingCV ensemble. The models were assessed by evaluating performance metrics such as accuracy, precision, sensitivity, specificity, and F1 score. The random forest classifier accomplished an accuracy of 0.94, demonstrating its high discriminatory power in identifying cases of CHD. Intriguingly, the hypertuned gradient boosting model significantly outperformed the baseline model, achieving an impressive accuracy of 0.96. Finally, the StackingCV ensemble model demonstrated superior accuracy, sensitivity, specificity, and F1 score of 0.99, surpassing all the individual classifiers. These findings underscore the efficacy of ML algorithms in identifying coronary heart disease. Furthermore, the incorporation of explainable AI methods such as SHAP and LIME elucidates the crucial variables and provides insights into the reasoning behind the models' outcomes.</p>


<h1>Underwater Images Classification using CNN and Logistic Regression </h1>
<p>Nowadays curiosity of human being is expanded towards sea. It is dif-ficult to explore uses of robots by human being. So, people use robots to explore sea and that robot is popularly known as Autonomous Underwater Vehicle (AUV). The work aims towards classification of fish. Embedded systems are generally used to explore seabed. Embedded system is capable of operating heavy software and sensitive technology. In this work CNN is used for the pur-pose of classification and Logistic Regression is used as a classifier. Fish4knowledge dataset is used for validating the work. Using evaluation criteria including accuracy, precision, recall, and F1 score, the suggested work is con-trasted with several classifier types. In result section it is clearly shown that lo-gistic regression is giving best result out of all the classifiers. In this proposed work 95% accuracy achieved.</p>
